---
layout: post
title: Version 0.2
noindex: true
---

Version 0.2 significantly decreases the difficulty of combat.

## Bug Fixes
- Enemies will now be pulled into combat even when attacked from outside of their aggro range.
- Lightning Strike casting area no longer reaches outside the level boundaries.
- Fixed a bug where the player could not use their bag or open the profile menu on the first turn of combat.
- Loot bags can no longer spawn on exit tiles.
- Players can no longer end their turn during a spell cast by using the End Turn key binding (T).
- Fixed a bug where players couldn't move on their first turn in combat.

## Classes
- The Mage class has been added.
- Players may now choose between Warrior and Mage starting classes when creating a character.
- The Warrior class now starts with the Gladius and Parma items.
- The Mage class now starts with the Staff of Flame and Novice's Tome items.

## Combat
- There is now a 1.0 second pause at the beginning of combat to prevent players from spending all of their Essence by accidentally moving.

## Enemies
- All enemies have had their base attributes reduced.
- Widowlings no longer use 3x Poison Fang, and will block more often.
- Widows no longer use 3x Poison Fang, and will block more often.

## Items
- Loot bags will now disappear when they contain no items.
- Added Potion of Healing.
- Decreased the value of Potion of Return.
- Increased the drop rate of all potions.

## User Interface
- Default key bindings have been assigned to spells on the spell hotbar.
- Right-click can now be used to cancel the cast of a spell.
- Essence on spell hotkeys are now displayed visually rather than a number.
- The Help shortcut (? icon) has been added to the Menu Shortcuts, clicking it will open the Play Guide in a default web browser.

